Boring, really boring
That's how the baby goes to the enemy
Isn't this all in the calculation of the imperial teacher?
Hey, level to level
It's been a long time since I met someone so interesting
If you press to death so soon
That would be too boring, the imperial teacher
What are you going to do now?
Do you still need slaves to sleep?
You take a shower first
The latter waits for the national teacher to rescue your cousin
What cousin died also died
You two can't go to the bathroom yet
The latter doctor likes to be in the bath
Don't you understand? Yes, yes
Useless thing has to help a bastard get in the way
Wolf Pifu takes away
big brother
What's the point of chasing after you without mana?
Mother, mother, wake up!
I'm going to my mother's mother, mother, wake up!